[Core][AWS] Allow specification of IAM roles for resources. (#3488)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/config.rst

    # permission to create a security group.
    security_group_name: my-security-group

>     # Identity to use for deployed AWS instances (optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Identity to use for AWS instances (optional).
```

    # instances. SkyPilot will auto-create and reuse a service account (IAM
    # role) for AWS instances.
    #
    # User Specified SERVICE_ACCOUNT (IAM role): The name of the remote identity

>     # to give the launched resouce.

Author: Not sure how we wanted to reference this specifically as an example. Open to suggestion here.

>     # User Specified SERVICE_ACCOUNT (IAM role): The name of the remote identity
>     # to give the launched resouce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Customized service account (IAM role): <string> or <dict>
    # - <string>: apply the service account with the specified name to all instances.
    #    Example:
    #       remote_identity: my-service-account-name
    # - <dict>: A dict mapping from the cluster name (pattern) to the service account name to use.
    #    NOTE: If none of the wildcard expressions in the dict match the cluster name, LOCAL_CREDENTIALS will be used.
    #    To specify your default, use "*" as the wildcard expression.
    #    Example:
    #       remote_identity:
    #         my-cluster-name: my-service-account-1
    #         sky-serve-controller-*: my-service-account-2
    #         "*": my-default-service-account
```

    #   files to assign to these non-AWS instances).
    #
    # Default: 'LOCAL_CREDENTIALS'.
    ### Format 1 ###
    # A string; the same remote identity is applied to all launched resources.
    remote_identity: LOCAL_CREDENTIALS
    ### Format 2 ###
    # A dict mapping wildcard expression of cloud names to the resources to the
    # resource identity.
    # NOTE: If not a wildcard expression in the dict mapping does not match a
    # cloud name for a resouce being deployed, the default remote identity is used.
    # To specify your own default, utilize "*" as the wildcard expression.
    remote_identity:
      sky-serve-controller-*: my-controller-specific-identity

>       "*": SERVICE_ACCOUNT

Author: First attempt at how we represent multiple formats.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding these! I reorganized the comments a little bit in the comment above, can we remove Format 1 and Format 2 here and use the comments above?
